RDSC-4040 add note for RDS proxy (#2203)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/databases/rdi/setup.md

To set up PrivateLink for a database hosted on AWS RDS or AWS Aurora:

{{<warning>}}

> **RDS Proxy does not work with RDS PostgreSQL and Aurora PostgreSQL.** RDS Proxy doesn't support PostgreSQL logical replication, mainly because RDS and Aurora themselves do not support automatic failovers (from the perspective of the client) very well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RDS Proxy does not work with RDS PostgreSQL and Aurora PostgreSQL because it does not support PostgreSQL logical replication.
```

For PostgreSQL databases, use one of the following alternatives instead:
- **For test environments**: Connect the Network Load Balancer directly to the database IP address (skip the RDS Proxy step).
- **For production environments**: Use the AWS Lambda approach described in [Access Amazon RDS across VPCs using AWS PrivateLink and Network Load Balancer](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/access-amazon-rds-across-vpcs-using-aws-privatelink-and-network-load-balancer/).
{{</warning>}}

1. [Create an RDS Proxy](#create-rds-proxy) that will route requests to your database (MySQL and SQL Server only).

> 1. [Create a network load balancer](#create-network-load-balancer-rds) that will route incoming HTTP requests to the RDS proxy (or directly to the database for PostgreSQL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Create a network load balancer](#create-network-load-balancer-rds) that will route incoming requests to the RDS proxy (or directly to the database for PostgreSQL).
```

1. [Create an endpoint service](#create-endpoint-service-rds) through AWS PrivateLink.

### Create RDS proxy {#create-rds-proxy}

{{<note>}}

> **Skip this step for PostgreSQL databases.** For RDS PostgreSQL and Aurora PostgreSQL, proceed directly to [Create network load balancer](#create-network-load-balancer-rds) and configure it to connect directly to your database IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For RDS PostgreSQL and Aurora PostgreSQL, skip this step and proceed directly to [Create network load balancer](#create-network-load-balancer-rds) and configure it to connect directly to your database IP address.
```
